update: updated readme (#24)
dequelabs/axe-devtools-ios-sample-app: README.md

### For Manual Testing

1. Add your Deque API Key to `Login.swift`.

> 2. To test this app, use the [Mobile Analyzer](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-devtools-mobile-analyzer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To test this app, use Deque's [Mobile Analyzer](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-mobile-analyzer/ios-setup) with bundle identifier: `com.dequesystems.axe-devtools-ios-sample-app`.
```
